update notebook guidelines (#534)
chanzuckerberg/cellxgene-census: docs/census_notebook_guidelines.md

API demonstration code that is part of the documentation should be deposited here: 

- Python notebooks [`cellxgene-census/api/python/notebooks`](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/cellxgene-census/tree/main/api/python/notebooks)
- R vignettes [`cellxgene-census/api/r/CellCensus/vignettes`](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/cellxgene-census/tree/main/api/r/cellxgene.census/vignettes)

> If the Python notebooks have to be included in the doc-site, then a symlink has to be created in the corresponding folder of [ `cellxgene-census/docs/notebooks/`](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/cellxgene-census/tree/main/docs/notebooks).

Reviewer: Suggested edit: 
> To include Python notebooks in the doc site, create a symlink to the notebook in the [ `cellxgene-census/docs/notebooks/`](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/cellxgene-census/tree/main/docs/notebooks) folder.

> If the Python notebooks have to be included in the doc-site, then a symlink has to be created in the corresponding folder of [ `cellxgene-census/docs/notebooks/`](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/cellxgene-census/tree/main/docs/notebooks).

Author: ```suggestion
To include Python notebooks in the doc site, create a symlink to the notebook in [cellxgene-census/docs/notebooks/](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/cellxgene-census/tree/main/docs/notebooks) folder.
```

> These assets are user-facing and are automatically rendered to the doc-sites, they are one of the primary means by which users get onboarded to the product. Thus the following guidelines need to be followed to ensure readability and a consistent experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These assets are user-facing and are automatically rendered to the doc-site and are one of the primary means by which users get onboarded to the product. Thus the following guidelines need to be followed to ensure readability and a consistent experience.
```

### Title

* It must use the highest-level markdown header `#`.

> * Unless needed, it should not contain any direction mentions of "Census".

Reviewer: Is there an alternative, or is the request to attempt no use of a "noun" to reference the collection?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Unless needed, it should not contain any direct mentions of "Census".
```
Is that what you meant?

Introductory text must be included right underneath the title.

* It must provide a one paragraph summary of the notebook's goals.
* It must not contain an explanation of the Census.

Examples: 

:white_check_mark:

> > This notebook provides a demonstration for integrating two Census datasets using scvi-tools. The goal is not to provide an exhaustive guide on proper integration, but to showcase what information in the Cell Census can inform data integration.

Reviewer: confusing as it mentions "Census" - how does this tie into the "no direction mention" guideline?

Reviewer 2: isn't that rule just for the title?

> > This notebook provides a demonstration for integrating two Census datasets using scvi-tools. The goal is not to provide an exhaustive guide on proper integration, but to showcase what information in the Cell Census can inform data integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This notebook provides a demonstration for integrating two Census datasets using scvi-tools. The goal is not to provide an exhaustive guide on proper integration, but to showcase what information in the Census can inform data integration.
```
